it's Halloween night if here you're
watching at home wondering why a giant
arch peanut is talking to you you smoke
too much weed and should go to the
hospital right away
how's he I'm dressed as a circus peanut
if you didn't know we're all dressed as
circus peanuts at night why I have no
idea I don't remember we may but I think
we decided this in June it seemed like a
good idea I think I said I want to be
the same color as the president's face
and this is what happened circus peanuts
as you know are circus peanuts are
America's second favorite candy just
behind every other candy in I'll say
this it was not a happy Halloween for
the sour patch kid in the Oval Office
today history one day history will ask
where were you when the House voted on
the impeachment inquiry and I will say
on stage dressed as an orange peanut the
House voted today to formalize the
impeachment process which means I don't
know what it means it means it'll go to
the Senate the Republicans in the Senate
it'll do nothing about it and he'll say
he won it's probably what it means but
Trump tweeted this was the greatest
witch hunt in American history on
Halloween which was funny
he claimed impeachment is hurting the
stock market and once again defended his
perfect call with the Ukrainian
president he wrote read the transcript
which this is like Lori Loughlin saying
check my kids SAT scores they're not one
Republican voted in favor of the
impeachment resolution in the Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell lashed
out he said the Democrats are taking a
vacation from the needs of the American
people in other words instead of wasting
time on this you should be sending over
more legislation for me to kill he's
sitting Mitch McConnell sitting on over
a hundred bills right now he uses them
to nest his terrarium
oddly this all came on the heels of the
hometown team in DC winning the World
Series last night and this morning the
great Trumpkin dispatched his top hench
lady to put a positive spin on
everything
good morning it's so exciting for this
city you know since President Trump came
to office the Capitals
the hockey team the Mystics and the
Nationals have won their first
championship so we're really jacked up
for the whole city it's exciting well I
guess you take whatever credit you can
get you know the game was in Houston
last night but Nationals fans had a
watch party at the Stadium in DC and the
party was highlighted by this moment
[Applause]
that's a vetting America in a nutshell I
don't know what he should replace the
eagle as our new national bird seemed
like a fun group in Washington one of
the local news channels did the thing
where they go out in the street to say
hello to the drunken fans and they got a
bit more enthusiasm than they were
expecting
[Applause]
CIA
the Nationals victory parade is on
Saturday and Washington it'll be just
like Trump's inauguration but with lots
of people out and some if you liked that
video click the subscribe button but
only if you're ready for commitment